Add notes from N8CIR RSE Leaders Meeting 2025 (#15)
RSE-leaders/evidence-bank: challenges/project_management.md

> # Project Management

Reviewer: I was expecting to see comments on agile methods etc. here - timesheets I'd consider more 'administration' and perhaps go under funding?

Author: We discussed timesheets in the context of a project management discussion which is why it ended up here. I will split this up into Funding and project management (where linked to time planning).

## Timesheets

> - Timesheets are required by some funders (I.e UKRI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Timesheets are required by some funders (e.g. UKRI, EU).
```

> - Timesheets are required by TRAC methodology.

Reviewer: Not sure this is true in general, e.g. UKRI use TRAC but timesheets are only required for DI staff not 100% on the project. Is the reference here to when costing as a TRAC **research facility** specifically?

Author: Ah I think this makes some comments in the funding around TRAC make more sense. I was mixing up comments on TRAC in general and TRAC research facilities. Would I be correct in rephrasing this as "Timesheets are required by TRAC research facilities"?

Reviewer: Possibly; I've not run one so am not sure of the exact requirements. @markdturner ?

Author: I've amended to "May be required" so this can be amended in the future.

- Timesheets can be used to compare expected FTE on a project with actual FTE.
- There is an overhead to completing timesheets.
- There can sometimes be a discrepency between actual time spent and the time

>   recorded on the timesheet to be submitted to the funder.

Reviewer: This should be avoided since it contravenes the terms of the grant agreement. Albeit minor approximation is unlikely to be an issue.

Author: I will rephrase this as "Recording actual time spent can be challenging particularly where time spent could be applied to multiple projects or activities". How does that sound?

Reviewer: Sounds good!

### Timesheet tools used by RSE teams

- Clockify
- Toggl
- In house bespoke
- Excel

> 

Reviewer: We use Harvest (and Forecast for planning).
